Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to send a quick little note here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you already have this setup, just in case we want to do some
Fire Tablet: Turn on the light
Fire Tablet: The light is on. Guess the light bulbs are going
Gwenevere Abriel: Do we did
Gwenevere Abriel: For three. Yeah, so we can focus wherever you want. We don't need to do review treatment plan goals today. So what is this week been like for you.
Fire Tablet: It's
Fire Tablet: Like a lot of things I cast a lot of things are going on.
Fire Tablet: I had to do active shooter training last night again. And it's very long and tedious and grueling so that was tiring.
Fire Tablet: I got really irritated with Cristo, whatever her name is
Fire Tablet: I don't really irritated.
Fire Tablet: That really pissed me off.
Gwenevere Abriel: You texted me that day. Right. That's a shocking amount
Fire Tablet: Yeah, okay. Yeah, I just
Fire Tablet: The way that she write emails. I know that tone is hard to be read.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, perhaps it
Fire Tablet: But it sounds very insulting and it's just like
Fire Tablet: You know, she said, I haven't made kept my end of the bargain. And I'm like, Oh fuck no. You're not going to do that. Sure. To me, I've made payments have made small payments, but I do what I can. When
Fire Tablet: I can
Fire Tablet: And this time is a really, really bad time. Most people can't even pay their rent.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: I'm doing the best that I can
Fire Tablet: And I'm happy to make small payments. I know it's not much, but I'm doing what I can and
Fire Tablet: She just the way that she speaks is just like
Fire Tablet: I understand that you're the money person. And that's painfully obvious.
Fire Tablet: So I don't know, I guess how I conduct things just differently so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just see if we spent even four minutes on this a little bit longer than maybe maybe normally like you take a second. Just imagine how you would have written her message to you to a client, how might you have done a better job. How might have sounded
Fire Tablet: I would have asked her, first off, I would have started the email with Hello. I hope you're doing well, you and your family are healthy, whatever, I would have shown some care to start off
Gwenevere Abriel: A hobby, you're
Fire Tablet: You're in a sandwich bullshit with kindness.
Fire Tablet: Kindness bullshit.
Fire Tablet: Kindness.
Uh huh.
Fire Tablet: And the whole thing just felt utter bullshit. And just like an attack. Actually, it felt very attack.
Fire Tablet: I'm accustomed to.
Fire Tablet: Well, let me actually am
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello. Hello.
Fire Tablet: Hello. Yeah. Hope your family's doing well.
Fire Tablet: I'm reading this email in response to what No, actually I
Fire Tablet: Was passed down some information from bright heart staff that you had some questions about your insurance deductibles and what can I do to help you with that.
Okay.
Fire Tablet: And then also, perhaps I also needed to discuss them.
Fire Tablet: Further, some of the things that we had previously discussed and figure out where we're at and how we're going to be moving forward in making sure that payments are made.
Fire Tablet: Would you like to speak on the phone or via email. How can I help us.
Fire Tablet: Both
Fire Tablet: You know I would.
Fire Tablet: That's how I would approach it, but
Fire Tablet: Somewhere along those lines.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could see how that would be received more collaborative, I can see
Fire Tablet: Like, I, I, as the recipient would be more inclined to want to help and do my part and meet the other person halfway. If I don't feel attacked or cornered. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did you get through it to get all the way to making it here today. That means had to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do that.
Fire Tablet: I room I ruminated.
Fire Tablet: I've definitely ruminated. Then I started drawing
Fire Tablet: Then I. So what I decided was, I'm going to go ahead and send an email to the person above for the one. What's her name.
Fire Tablet: I forget her name.
Fire Tablet: I had originally had correspondence with her in the past. She used to be the financial person, but she's no longer the financial person.
Fire Tablet: I don't remember her name.
Fire Tablet: But I so excited, you know, should I
Fire Tablet: I didn't respond. The problem is, is that I responded, while I was taught
Fire Tablet: That, that's what I should not have done because I was essentially doing the same thing that I thought was being done to me.
Fire Tablet: So I was wrong.
Fire Tablet: On on that part Darby Darby
Fire Tablet: Darby now.
Fire Tablet: I reached out to Darby and I supported her the email. And my response and I asked her if it would be at all possible to just conduct business between her and I, because I feel as though
Fire Tablet: The correspondence between me and the other lady is
Fire Tablet: It's taxing and it's not healthy for me. The whole point of this program is to grow into better and
Fire Tablet: And when every, every single time I've communicated with her. She causes me stress and anger. I understand that she has a job to do. I really, really respect that.
Fire Tablet: But there's a way to do it. There's a way to communicate with people, there's a way to approach people and each and every time I don't feel like I'm being
Fire Tablet: Approached with respect. I feel like I'm being attacked. And I have to go through a third person to try to make communication happen in a healthy way. So,
Fire Tablet: I tried. I forwarded to Darby, I asked her if I could please, in the future, communicate with her. I'm happy to make payments on the past few balance. I understand that it's there. I am very aware of it.
Fire Tablet: And I am doing everything that I can and will continue to do everything that I can't
Fire Tablet: I'm not just going to back out, you know, I'm also getting something out of this.
Fire Tablet: But I, I didn't receive a response from either one of them so
Gwenevere Abriel: I saw note, I must have written it so got to see what I'm in here client seeing Dr. Tracy Jackson next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was. Did you see her.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did. Okay. And what was your got a scratchy face what happened.
Fire Tablet: She's a nice lady.
Fire Tablet: I felt very clinical very I don't trust her.
Okay.
Fire Tablet: I don't trust her. And I'm not comfortable really telling her
Fire Tablet: Things.
Fire Tablet: I did feel I did feel supported
Fire Tablet: In regard to
Fire Tablet: That my pain.
Fire Tablet: Is not because I often feel like people always think that pain is psychological and yes, I do have psychological pain and I know that
Fire Tablet: But if you physically touch it, I can physically touch where it hurts and somebody else can physically touch it and cause me pain that tells me that I have a physical pain.
Fire Tablet: Okay, and I did feel like
Fire Tablet: She understood both manners, for me, or at least at the very least she tried to
Fire Tablet: She's new to me. So I'm going to be
Fire Tablet: Naturally, very cautious and
Fire Tablet: I'm not going to just feed into
Fire Tablet: To it. Do you know what I mean. Does that make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to do moving forward with her. Is there you to schedule more services, what's, what's the plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: At heart.
Fire Tablet: I'm supposed to go back again i i'm not trying to do her group one time. See how it goes. Okay, I
Fire Tablet: Really don't like group, but I'm going to give it a shot. And if it goes well, I will try it, maybe once a month, but I'm not going to do it like my goal isn't really
Fire Tablet: I see a pain doctor
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: I like the psychological aspects of working on pain. I absolutely do. But
Fire Tablet: I feel like my pain on the psychological end
Fire Tablet: Is being worked on with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me just see if I'm hearing you correctly, what's the name of the doctor who's treating
Gwenevere Abriel: The back
Fire Tablet: Pain doctor rivers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what is Dr. Rivers doing to address pain management treatment.
Fire Tablet: Well, he put in the spinal simulator.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I haven't been able to go back
Fire Tablet: And see him because of I actually had an appointment, but it was during this whole Kovac thing. So it got canceled.
Fire Tablet: On regarding my migraines. I just saw that doctor last week and they put me on migraine meds.
Fire Tablet: That's also a pain. Doctor, but specifically for neurological brain.
Fire Tablet: So I was able to see that doctor and get pain migraine medication because I get some really gnarly migraines and then my the doctor rivers. The one I'm supposed to see
Fire Tablet: I need to see him, but he's the one that's dealt with all my foot drop the one that's dealt with my spinal cord injury from beginning to end, he knows my spine very, very well and
Fire Tablet: He, he's suggesting another spinal surgery on my lower lumbar spine, try to open up a pathway for my spinal nerves, because they're all pinched and collected between
Fire Tablet: Wrong areas.
Fire Tablet: You know, I'm also working on weight loss and strengthening my core
Fire Tablet: And everything that he has suggested I do so.
Fire Tablet: But as for the psychological portion. I feel like
Fire Tablet: A lot of that.
Fire Tablet: I work on with you and I don't even realize that I'm doing it, but it's happening because I
Fire Tablet: Find myself reading through not just frustrating moments or overwhelming moments, but also through pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk a little bit about I
Fire Tablet: Do feel like, oh, go ahead.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about
Gwenevere Abriel: how this came about. To begin with, how is it that you would you scheduled an appointment with Dr. Tracy Jackson. Where did that come from. You already getting it because you have a physician here. Dr Arielle you have Dr. Rivers is addressing the pain, I'm assuming, Dr. Rivers is not prescribing
Gwenevere Abriel: So you you have your Ma te so that's medication assisted treatment that's your upright heart health, then you have a specific pain management doctor, Dr. Rivers and you have psychotherapy with me, how did Tracy Jack's How did Tracy Jackson get involved in your life. How did that happen.
Fire Tablet: Oh, dark real we just did it. Okay, meet with her because I've never met with her. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wondering if it was a matter of the two of you sitting just even one sentence more or two sentence more
Gwenevere Abriel: Really getting clear that you were already under the care of a specific pain management doctor. I wonder if that would have done the trick that somehow that information and I could be wrong.
Fire Tablet: Because now I'm still going to be my full
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going outside my lane right now. So I'm just doing some investigation and asking
Gwenevere Abriel: I did agree to it, though.
Fire Tablet: Oh, I'm up for suggestion. I'm up for doctor, I think that really all she's trying to dr brielle in her case she's trying to get me help in any way that she can get me help.
Fire Tablet: And that's what I definitely took from that.
Fire Tablet: But that doesn't necessarily mean that it's going to work in my benefit and that's how I do kind of walking away from that appointment is that this isn't really something that I want to pursue
Fire Tablet: Okay, but
Fire Tablet: But I did tell her I'd give it a try. Because I do that to please people
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to continue to see Dr. Tracy Jackson, or do you want to just return to the care that you're getting
Fire Tablet: I want to return to the care that I'm doing.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I would like to see you once a month in Group, I would like to at least get that more. So that little crumb that I get to see
Gwenevere Abriel: Is in this social setting where I get to be a witness to really profound progress that I can see in your comfort. Now, I don't know what the internal experience is like for you but outwardly. I see a difference in how you present in group over these years, I can see the difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I won't begin. Yeah.
Fire Tablet: I'm going to continue to go to group. Um, I think I, I don't know when my prescriptions do, but I'd like to attend that week that my prescriptions do that's usually what I tried to do
Fire Tablet: Let me
Gwenevere Abriel: It's next my
Fire Tablet: Open I'll be either what
Gwenevere Abriel: The result is the reason I say it is because I must have I wrote it, you know, I take my pencil whenever we talk like this and I scribble it down. Now, if I'm wrong, then
Fire Tablet: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's only based on pencil mark so it doesn't mean it's a fact. It's just I wrote it down. That's all I can be sure of.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I did, I wrote down, let
Fire Tablet: Me. Let me put that in my calendar so I don't forget.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, it also like a new look on your record and see when you were lasting growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can kind of tear
Fire Tablet: Right.
Fire Tablet: Yeah yeah cuz I remember saying, May, the fourth be with you. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you are lasting group march 30
Fire Tablet: Okay, so that will work perfect
Fire Tablet: It's that one right yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I say I'm assuming that that is good for you. And I will tell you though.
Gwenevere Abriel: I all this week. I have had my, I have a new group Tuesday at 12 which is brand new. I've only had had it twice, and my 11 o'clock on Thursdays have been purely
Gwenevere Abriel: Aside from the medication check in, they have been process groups which you've seen
Gwenevere Abriel: an inkling of
Gwenevere Abriel: But they were they were real process group, which means
Gwenevere Abriel: A particular client shared something they're going on. And some of it was directly that really powerful. Actually, it's been a couple weeks. I think I'm starting to see that it's possible to do in a half hour.
Gwenevere Abriel: And. And anyway, my point is
Gwenevere Abriel: You might end up benefiting from if you want, and can go to a different one. It mean you'd have new faces or not. Some people move
Gwenevere Abriel: But it also might mean that you're being witness to people that are actually doing psychotherapy in a group setting where they're talking about. This is how I'm feeling right now and it's interacting either
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's with something. The doctor had just said. One of them was really powerful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm still a therapist might be something one person sharing a story and what's coming up for them as they're listening and talking directly to each other. So it was a great deal. This week has been more of a process group where it's not just me up here, psycho educating
Fire Tablet: Is one on Tuesday, you said
Gwenevere Abriel: That one. Oh yeah, there's a brand new one and I had it twice. It's at noon.
Fire Tablet: I can do that one. So let's do that. I'll just take the
Fire Tablet: Fourth one off.
Fire Tablet: Okay, and I will do the fifth instead
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that going to throw off your medication or you is that going to
Fire Tablet: Be a problem. No, I'm okay. I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great. So here's what because I think you I think you'd like that.
Fire Tablet: Oh,
Fire Tablet: 11
Or 12
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: Weird
Gwenevere Abriel: Pink.
Gwenevere Abriel: Green. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: 12 o'clock. Now I say that, but what could end up happening is
Gwenevere Abriel: Honestly Monday was amazing. It was this amazing process group all my, you know, all these folks that are only there every couple weeks or every three weeks were there and it was very clinical
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was a process group too. So they're they're starting to the folks that have been here a minute are starting to trust one another and it's starting to evolve into the ability to be able to actually talk directly to each other. So I'm excited to see the difference.
Gwenevere Abriel: But a real process group is about an hour and a half. So it's a lot to ask of 2030 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm the best we can with what we've got. So just throwing it out there, you may decide to go on Monday at one also. I've been seeing them do process work in there as well. So anyway, let's go over to some of how you've been healing around the work you're doing in here with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: How frequent. Are you having nightmares.
Fire Tablet: Since we started talking about the song.
Fire Tablet: A lot more frequently.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was your last one.
Fire Tablet: It was the day before yesterday.
Fire Tablet: And it wasn't like a replay of like an old event.
Fire Tablet: It was like
Fire Tablet: a replay of an old event, but a new event as an adult.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's pretty common to have intruding thoughts come up doing this. Cmdr. That's sort of what it's good at is pulling up fragments that normally are tucked away that are isolated from the rest of our
Gwenevere Abriel: Our lives. Other neural networks. So it doesn't surprise me that that's happening, doesn't mean it's pleasant, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, how much do you have an interest to take just that dream content and do a little bit of work with that.
Fire Tablet: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's about a replay of some of it was factual. Some of it was literally like, yes, this happened and then of course the imagination of the right brain starts to twist weird things into into dreams.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you share a little bit about what the dream was
Fire Tablet: Yeah.
Fire Tablet: So,
Fire Tablet: I was
Fire Tablet: Like I know grown a grown woman. And I remember
Fire Tablet: We were at the hospital and I think it was at the hospital because that's the last place that I saw him after so long is when my mom died.
Fire Tablet: So it was like a hospital rooms.
Fire Tablet: And I'm walking down the hospital Hall.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: He comes out of the doorway.
Fire Tablet: And I look down when I walk but I'm looking down and looking down, and I look up for a second. And I see him and I stopped and I turn around.
Fire Tablet: Walk away, but then he's like, close enough to grab my arm. But when I when I looked up. He was further away, but he grabbed my arm, and he pulled me into the room.
Fire Tablet: And I'm an adult.
Fire Tablet: And then he said,
Fire Tablet: That
Fire Tablet: He said,
Fire Tablet: Let's, let's do the same way.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: He had this stupid look on his face.
Fire Tablet: I was
Fire Tablet: Scared.
Fire Tablet: Yeah. And then I don't
Fire Tablet: I just like I remember being on the bed and pushed onto the bed.
Fire Tablet: And then like a fragment.
Fire Tablet: So I have a really bad trigger of people putting their hands over their mouth and talking through their hands.
Fire Tablet: It really bothers me. And that happened in the dream.
Gwenevere Abriel: He had his hand over his mouth or over yours.
Fire Tablet: Or him my mouth.
Fire Tablet: over you. And so, it brought back that oh god so anytime like somebody puts even kids or like when they're playing around with, like, you know, or they do it to themselves, it triggers me
Yep.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: He did that in the dream.
Fire Tablet: And then
Fire Tablet: I don't remember very much more what happened. I just remember
Fire Tablet: That
Fire Tablet: McKenna came in.
Gwenevere Abriel: came into the room was this in the dream.
Fire Tablet: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. How did you feel. Do you remember the feeling, either in your body, or as an emo
Fire Tablet: Hair share fucking terror.
Gwenevere Abriel: When mechanic came into the room.
Fire Tablet: Yeah, sheer fucking terror and I woke up and I was really, really, really upset.
Gwenevere Abriel: Read crying.
Yeah.
Fire Tablet: But I woke up and started crying. I wasn't crying like in my sleep I understood that I was yelling and then I was very stressed and he and he like gently woke me up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're crying, what happened between
Gwenevere Abriel: You and your husband right there.
Fire Tablet: He just helped me
Fire Tablet: He held nature of that I was yeah I made sure that I was okay. He just said that I'm safe. I didn't really go into detail of what I dreamt about we just knew that I was not. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how long did it take you to regulate off.
Fire Tablet: I didn't like you're late for very long time. Excellent to work and I was really, really stressed out.
Fire Tablet: I had a migraine. I got my blood pressure went so high, and I got really, I was just so upset. I think that's what caused my migraine and brought on the migraine and I was ruminating on it all night, along with my migraine. I came home and I went to bed.
Fire Tablet: And I couldn't sleep like I was having a lot of trouble sleeping, and I kept waking up because
Fire Tablet: I think I was trying to avoid sleeping, to be quite honest.
Fire Tablet: And it continued on throughout the day.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have an idea.
Fire Tablet: I learned to work.
Fire Tablet: And I got distracted last night because we were doing that weapons testing so that helped
Fire Tablet: But I feel really exhausted by it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think maybe what we'll do is we'll put a little bit of time between the next
Gwenevere Abriel: One let's let's continue to go slowly around this. But let's do some other work with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: More dream work where it's more Gestalt Therapy type of thing where we'll, we'll take a look at
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let me tell you one theory about dreams.
Gwenevere Abriel: One theory.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yours is so specific to actual trauma history that I don't want you to misinterpret what I'm about to say. So some of what you just did was, remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that was real.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it got morphed into things that are not real, you'd agree with those two things both it was real and some of its not real. They morph as your mind tries to settle into how it's going to remember this.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how you're going to live with it. So it's trying to settle on something, some sort of summary. Where are we going to land. And so it keeps bringing that stuff up and
Gwenevere Abriel: I with this work and pulling it up you know you're working very hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this that I'm about to explain to you. It doesn't is intending not to minimize the fact that some of this was it actually happened. So, at no point do we want you to think I'm saying it didn't happen. It happened. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so now I'm going to tell you the way in general, one approach of analyzing dreams is that I take
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's only a technique. It's not to minimize history. It's a technique. So, so we're differentiating this fact really happen, but this is dream work. This is dream analysis. So one way that I do work with dreams is
Gwenevere Abriel: I work with that room that that sort of room that you have that safe space. I work in there. And we have some some positive experience with with some of the elements of the characters and experience of that dream. The details of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's one way. And that's probably the way that I would say would probably benefit today. The other one is probably not going to appeal to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that is, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Every single character in there represents us
Gwenevere Abriel: And that part, you probably don't want to do and the way it has
Fire Tablet: Understand what do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: I yeah so um
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say I'm afraid of snakes, which I am I don't like spiders. I'm not a big fan. You know, that's pretty typical most people are afraid of those because they they know that whether they can be venomous, and how do I know if this one is and they're kind of creepy. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: If I have a dream about a snake.
Gwenevere Abriel: My therapist might say, okay, well, you know, what are you doing, and how do you feel being you. Oh yeah, I can see it was this Asian so I look like this. Help helping me and then I will also be the snake.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do I want us to sneak
Fire Tablet: Like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I didn't think you i. So, so notice that I said I did a lot of sort of preparation and describing that it's a technique.
Fire Tablet: And it isn't for everyone. I would be him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we won't do that one. But I want you to know that it's there, doesn't mean someday you may say, I want to know what that is. I want to understand what that is.
Fire Tablet: What I'm really curious about it though.
Fire Tablet: Okay, yeah, I am curious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So, okay, um, we won't do it. But yes, the snake you know the the thing that you are threatened by you are that if it's this river. If it's this car that's has no driver. If it whatever the thing every single image. And that's why this is a very distinct intervention.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it isn't for everyone. And you know, I, I'm certainly participating, whether I think it's clinically recommended or not. And I don't think it is right now for you, but I want you to know that it is one that I do use with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it comes. It's so departs from the normal way of thinking about how the world works, that it can have a pretty transformative effect, who on earth would ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you did. Right. I don't want to be the perpetrator how I, how could you ask me to do that. I don't identify like no and but all it is is just a conversation. It's just sitting with
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, what does this character in this dream want, what is it, what's it like to be that that creature that snake.
Gwenevere Abriel: And some interesting things can happen. That's not what we're going to do, but it's out there. And so we're other theories. And so our other techniques about dream work. I like the one for you, with your room.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like the one with your safe room because you get push the image is far away all the way into outer space or further galaxies away you get to put
Gwenevere Abriel: The villain as far away as you want.
Fire Tablet: But the other one. So you've done that with me with the chair right when I switch to the other chair, is that the same concept.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's that is additional technique in
There.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not the same technique the empty chair is definitely a separate one
Gwenevere Abriel: It is, it can certainly get to our inner ego states and we can get those sort of we can bypass rationalizing intellectualizing and we can be very spontaneous, we can get to poor
Gwenevere Abriel: Feelings right away if you really get immersed in the activity, but no, this thing that I was I was, um, I mentioned just now is definitely, I don't remember the name of it. It's too many years I just do it.
Fire Tablet: But
Fire Tablet: It's nothing. I have
Fire Tablet: Done.
Uh huh.
Fire Tablet: I don't know if that's because being victimized is I have tried to think of why he is the way that he is and almost try to sympathy or pity for him is is that different from this
Gwenevere Abriel: It's different.
Gwenevere Abriel: I, I don't know that that that's really the the destination. I don't think that's the destination. It's not one that I have in mind. That's not my intent, it's not
Fire Tablet: I think I was kind of more with my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah yeah with mom, we can have compassion with maybe her
Gwenevere Abriel: Her failed childhood herself, maybe, you know, she may have indeed been sexually abused herself and then didn't have the register to be able to protect her own children, and then sort of pass this generation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of a failure to protect down another generation to you. That's pretty common to have that intergenerational it just keeps passing down again and again and that might be helpful with with your mom. But no, my, my, I'm definitely not not trying to move you to a position of
Gwenevere Abriel: Justifying
Gwenevere Abriel: The perpetrators behavior. I definitely am not trying to lead you there.
Fire Tablet: I think it was also like she wanted me to try to understand that.
Fire Tablet: He was her son and
Fire Tablet: He probably experienced trauma to and
Fire Tablet: It was almost like I would say it to pacify her
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it's I think what's really important right now is that that not be the focus that
Gwenevere Abriel: Rabbit vacation justification. If that were to come if it, if it arrives at all, would be down the line. First you first you first you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are taking care of not other so I don't want that part I think first it's making sure you have done healing that you need to
Gwenevere Abriel: That other stuff. If it falls in line, great. If not, whatever, but right here that the focus again be
Gwenevere Abriel: Your healing. You're talking about informations coming up into the conscience conscious that wasn't there quite as often and this work that we're doing probably contributed to it's kind of surfacing again.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we're, we've taken some time and talked. I want to be careful. I don't know that we can go too deeply into it with the time that we have, we can kind of stay and stay sort of on the surface of it a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Won't go too deeply into it. So why don't I talk a little bit about what we may do next time.
Gwenevere Abriel: We might do something like this, you're in your in your room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Safe with everything you need, and you'll do more will have more magic exactly what you need to feel safe and this imagery that you have
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll work through
Gwenevere Abriel: In the safety of your room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he'll be as far away as you need.
Fire Tablet: And as you feel safer.
Fire Tablet: For the green
Uh huh.
Fire Tablet: Okay.
Yeah.
Fire Tablet: So like exposure there.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: But in in the safety of your resources and feeling grounded and the piece of you'll tell me, you'll say, oh, you know, on getting flooded and then we can pull back a little bit to the degree that you, you know, because we don't want to be at the 8090 of distress. We want to be down
Gwenevere Abriel: We still need to be meaningful, otherwise it's sort of won't have the learning experience of really
Gwenevere Abriel: meaningful change, but I'm that flooding when you're not going to remember things. Well, it'll just be react very traumatizing i'd really don't want you that stressed out want it or lower. So, um, I don't think we can pull that off in 10 minutes
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to, um, other things, though, like how that dream, what it means to you or what
Gwenevere Abriel: how it impacts what you know relationship with with your husband or your kids or maybe just sort of stay a little further couple layers out
Fire Tablet: For me, I didn't really think about me.
Fire Tablet: It was like
Fire Tablet: second nature to be forced to do
Fire Tablet: Things that he wants me to do.
Fire Tablet: But my real threat came when she walked in the room.
Fire Tablet: That it made me sick to my stomach. When I woke up, I just felt
Fire Tablet: Like
Fire Tablet: I think that's my greatest fear because like you said, passing it on to generation to generation. That is my biggest fear. I don't want that to happen to my children, my son or my daughter.
Fire Tablet: I don't want them to have the things that happened to me happened to them and live the way that I live.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so again going to to just from Psycho education. This is just psycho educational just to talk about that the body can be stuck in the mobility of
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, not being able to move and not being able to take action and so that the destination.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, my goal. Anyway, and I have to work out with you and see if that we both agree on the same goal, but because I am, I am. I'm telling you what it is and that is
Gwenevere Abriel: That there be a reprocessing where you actually do push him away and you can feel in your body. The pushing away and remember I told you months ago I said, Boy, I wish I was there. I wish we could do this, the somatic
Gwenevere Abriel: Work where you're literally pushing and you can feel the muscles doing it.
Fire Tablet: We should give it a try.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, a vote. We need your mood need your husband there to pull that off. That's the thing. So
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll do it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's what that pieces. So notice how right there's a lot of moving parts. There's your body that remembers right there's this incomplete unsettled sort of memory and your relationship with what you will do and won't do to protect
Gwenevere Abriel: Yourself from being victimized and therefore your daughter. You know, there's all these moving pieces.
Gwenevere Abriel: And can't do them all in one session, we can't do it all at once. But these interventions, the ones that we are doing are getting at the core, you're working very hard at it. But it does mean it's going to be kind of rough here for a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning those nightmares might come in.
Gwenevere Abriel: I do have a an invitation. Now before you go to bed right before you go to sleep to set an intention when you meet your dream life instead of not wanting to fall asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would really invite you to get grounded in your grounding resources of protection and nurturing
Gwenevere Abriel: And in wisdom breathing deeply into it that sort of prayer, meditation that blending of clarity and truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And to have a sort of intention of embodiment when
Gwenevere Abriel: That perpetrator shows up in the dream.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just to see if you can indeed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at in the eye. Can you turn and face it.
Gwenevere Abriel: With
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we've got this dog as a protector and you've got me and I am not sure what you're, you know, this nature of innocence of nurturing wisdom, maybe from your children kind of forgetting exactly what the blending is
Gwenevere Abriel: But you, you go, you're going to sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's no good if you mess with sleep you're going to be messing with everything else your body the migraine. The pain physical pain, irritability, with family, now you're arguing. Now you're in worst pain more psychological distress irritable at work. If you mess with your sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just an immediate marker that other things could kind of start going sideways so I don't I don't want you to have a disrupted sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as you. I mean, so just as I'm saying it what came up for you as an idea about how you can set this really grounding loving presence.
Fire Tablet: It happened. So I was just thinking about sitting on the edge of my bed and taking some deep breaths.
Fire Tablet: And it's like, essentially the dog, and I don't think like the kids are at the door and you're with the dog.
Fire Tablet: And you guys are like tucking in it's time to lay down and get some rest. And we got you. You're okay.
Fire Tablet: You know, we'll keep an eye out. You just get some sleep. This time around, you know,
Fire Tablet: And then
Fire Tablet: I just
Fire Tablet: Don't know if that's appropriate though. It's kind of weird.
Fire Tablet: But my mom used to like
Fire Tablet: Very few times that she was nurturing
Fire Tablet: On she was really sleepy to she would run her fingers through my hair into it took it behind my ear. She was just like
Fire Tablet: Yeah, just keep doing that, but I don't imagine my mom doing that. I imagine you doing that. And I know but
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. So, um, I would say doing that right doing that before you go to bed and nervous.
Gwenevere Abriel: And picturing the animal your pet your dog right next to the bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and just feeling it and doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And being very present in that room with the magic of safety right really making sure that anchor room you're in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that if there is any of that negative shadow side that shows up and it can be a lot of different symbols straight up be him. But it could be some symbolize to that it is outside the door.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are inside the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have the magic to immediately be in it. It takes no effort at all and that he is outside
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're inside
Gwenevere Abriel: And that going to sleep with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that you will meet that shadow each time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like just being safe inside the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: And seeing if
Gwenevere Abriel: Your Unconscious will let you do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let that be a way to go to sleep, set the intention. If I need a shadow a dark right something of Mal intent, will I know just what to do. I know exactly where I'll be it'll be over there and I will be safe in the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: With my dog and with the presence of nurturing and protection and wisdom and just this even this tactile experience of this tender sort of touch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's see what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. You're another one. Yeah. Journal some stuff if you want to. If you're up anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd be curious to know, because the more details. We know the more right we can sort of access. What's going on back there and that unconscious years
Gwenevere Abriel: What is your opinion about what your dreams are up to. What do you think
Fire Tablet: My dreams.
Fire Tablet: Trying to I think my, I'm afraid. And I think it's just playing out in my brain because
Fire Tablet: Talking about this stuff that we've been talking about brings up that feeling that I felt
Fire Tablet: That feeling
Fire Tablet: Was still there, even in the dream. And I remember that feeling very, very clearly it's fear and discuss and shame.
Fire Tablet: And
Fire Tablet: Pain.
Fire Tablet: And I felt that in the dream.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's pull back to just regular neurotic thinking just a regular some lady up in some privileged well off neighborhood who. The only thing she has to worry about is that her hair dresser and manicurist isn't meeting with her weekly
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: The brain is still going to do that that same thing which is it's going to worry, it's going to say, hey, you're not ready for this.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you going to do, what are you going to do if you don't have your nails and what were your friends think it'll be just awful. You'll be judged and they won't think that you have your shit together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I went ridiculous. I know you went there with me for a second. Thank you for that. Now come back to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is saying, hey, are you know what to do if you're met with this villain again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you made a decision. Do you know what to do. Are we ready. Do we know what to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It wants clarity and wants to know, you got this. You got this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if it's it's there to heal. It's there to serve you. It's going to happen anyway, no matter how what history, you have the brain is always going to be on the alert for your
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in danger. It's just going to automatically do that no matter how much privilege, you have and whatever. So
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be useful for you to do right that exposure works so that you can reassure the unconscious. You've met the shadow and you kicked its ass.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It, it needs to. You've got to be able to say to what I've already met and I'm okay. I'm okay. I know my resources and, indeed, I'm making you you you are right now you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're okay. You made it through that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're, you are okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're sitting
Gwenevere Abriel: In in real
Gwenevere Abriel: You are. I'm looking now are you
Gwenevere Abriel: without injury. Now you've been injured.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you are okay and that is key.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be with. I am okay after all. I am okay and I will be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This unconscious of yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is testing that and it would be good if we could get the unconscious to kind of buy in that you are okay and that you you know how to protect you. You know how to protect
Gwenevere Abriel: The child, you'll know what to do. And so let's see if we can do that in the unconscious. Let's see if we can do that as well there. And then I'm guessing that dream life will change.
Fire Tablet: So we did some government to do that next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well it all depends on what you show up with. I can't promise it but that's the plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hey, if you come back and you're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: No of course we're not going to do that. Well, whatever you present with full address. But yes, you want to a few say yep
Gwenevere Abriel: And look at this and I don't know what you're going to come back with maybe you'll, you'll have some information about something you saw
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe in a journal throughout the week from from this invitation as you start to go to sleep with this intention in your mind. I don't know what you'll come back to me with you might have something that might shift, what we do.
Fire Tablet: Okay.
Fire Tablet: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, same time different Friday.
Fire Tablet: Yes, I'll be there. And then I'll be in in group on Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I can't promise if it turns out I'm the one that has to sort of bring up a topic and I might because this one kind of has a nice fluidity.
Gwenevere Abriel: It might be on the topic. If you want to advance notice of radical acceptance. So I have it as a little sticky so my guess is if if it isn't about sort of what clients are going through in the moment, it might be on the topic of radical acceptance.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a pretty
More with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Fire Tablet: I got to figure it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, all right. You be good to you. Okay.
Fire Tablet: Okay, you have a wonderful weekend and I will see you on Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds good. Bye bye.
Bye bye.